the operation by the police
civilian national continues to give good
results
this time the delegation of santa anna
reports the capture of nine people by
different crimes in the colony the
little gem of the municipality of Chalchuapa
He captured Josue would the Jaco Reyes
after a procedure performed in
an abandoned house in which
They found weapons and police uniforms
according to the police information
a call was received from some subjects
that they were planning a
illicit action upon arrival of units of
police intervention were
only the game with before details
described above who alerted his
comrades while taking the flight
but in the intervention they were seized
at the time of two firearms one
1 millimeter gun with a charger
containing 5 cartridges also in the
another other weapon a caliber type revolver
38 containing five cartridges in addition
three loaders containing 45 cartridges
distribution about 3
from 31 of 120 cartridges of
different calibers 11 in a bag
transparent plastic in addition to a
small portion of marijuana is also
they found several clothes of
private use of the strong of the
civil national publicity plus a
TV
on a bicycle which is
are in a verification process
by the same fact he stopped at the
san juan hospital of the god of santa anna
to néstor enrique president who
he tried to assassinate with a firearm a
police agent at the time that
did the inspection of the house
abandoned at night
the offender sought medical assistance
in the santaneco hospital where he was
captured by him for the same
done in the intervention when planning
the inspection was stopped the lord
néstor enrique president who tried
against the life of a police member in
the moment that was intervened because the
to be intervened
and opened game against classmates by
which was arrested for the crime of
attempted murder since it was presented to
hospital where was
and proceeded to his arrest in another case
always in the municipality of chalchuapa in
the canton the cupcake were captured
two subjects for the crime of extortion
they demanded their victims through
anonymous the amount of a thousand dollars in
this occasion the young people present themselves
vidal antonio vázquez four chacón y
juan josé molina trejo who were
arrested by
intervention in fraganti since it had
received a complaint on January 28
of the victim through what was being
threatened by anonymous which
demanded in the amount of a thousand dollars to
change not to threaten your life and it's
a family group so the
Direct intervention units in
issues of extortion and kidnapping
they made devices in the case and
achieved a culture of these young people
having been found at the same time
the package in relation to the amount demanded
and nine cartridges of new cartridges and
two
two forty-five and nine and three
nine millimeter chapels
this makes known that the subjects that
they intervened in the extortions always
they go with firearms to attack
against the victims also by the
crime of aggravated homicide and homicide
attack to the detriment of two
sausage merchants were
captured five members of the gang
18 who after attacking their
victims sprayed him gas for
burn them the fact happened on May 11
of 2014 in the spring canton of santa
anna the victims were in the
zone making their eating inflators
sausage situation on this occasion
the gentlemen are arrested
wilfredo negase country and eric standing
lopez carlos ernesto díaz and raúl
Mauricio Martínez Barrientos
there are moments of signs with families
these people for example the lord
wilfredo black and is in lópez
García participated in the deprivation of
freedom of the victims through the
intimidation of firearms as well as
also Mr. Carlos Ernesto Díaz
morán the intervening directly
victims pouring gasoline and
setting fire to himself the lord
Mauricio Ramírez Barrientos and Alexander
neighboring ramirez with another of the subjects
who is on the run, they intervened
victims and caused them death and
they also participated in burning the
people
the authorities make the call to the
people who have been victims of
these subjects to interpose the
respective complaint in the delegation more
It is also made known to the
neighboring gentlemen of the different
places
they are presented to the police units to
submit their complaints to give the
prompt response to the different
crimes that have gone unpunished in each
one of the sectors where they have been made
these crimes
with images of santiago ayala ariel and
stop sa digital tv